Added individual pages for each data type. (#543)
Codecademy/docs: content/general/concepts/number/number.md

---

> Title: 'Numbers'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Title: 'Number'
```

> Description: 'The numbers data type.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'The numeric data type include all rational numbers and how they work varies by language.'
```

> Description: 'The number data type. It holds a number as its value.'

Reviewer: Let's try to keep the meta-`Description` down to one sentence, maybe some like "The number data type encompasses many numeric values"?

Author: I wasn't quite sure what to put for it. So I just put that.

Subjects:
  - 'Code Foundations'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Data Types'
  - 'Types'
CatalogContent:
  - 'paths/code-foundations'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> Numbers include `-1`, `0`, `1`, and so on. Depending on the language, numbers with decimals are of a different type. When computing numbers such they trade-off accuracy for range. Witch means they trade-off how acute it is with how many numbers it can compute. Languages such as Javascript and Python do this. This is why when you do this `.1+.2` it would equal `0.30000000000000004`. But if you are adding whole numbers it works all the time. But you need to keep in mind the integer limit. It is the number where the compiler won't understand the numbers anymore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Numbers include `-1`, `0`, `1`, and so on. Depending on the language, numbers with decimals are of a different type. When computing numbers such they trade-off accuracy for range. Witch means they trade-off how acute it is with how many numbers it can compute.

## Arithmetic Accuracy 

Languages such as Javascript and Python yield interesting results when arithmetic operations are performed on numeric values. For example, `.1+.2` would evaluate tol `0.30000000000000004`, whereas adding whole numbers wouldn't do this. But you need to keep in mind the integer limit. It is the number where the compiler won't understand the numbers anymore.
```

Some other **thoughts**:

> Numbers include `-1`, `0`, `1`, and so on

I think this should be turned into a list that includes things like:

* Integers, which are whole numbers that include values like `-1`, `0`, and `1`.

> But you need to keep in mind the integer limit. It is the number where the compiler won't understand the numbers anymore.

For the first sentence, could we unpack that a bit more? "[L]imit" of what? As for the second sentence, what does this mean?

---
Title: 'Number'
Description: 'The number data type encompasses many numeric values.'
Subjects:
  - 'Code Foundations'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Data Types'
  - 'Types'
CatalogContent:
  - 'paths/code-foundations'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> Numbers include `-1`, `0`, `1`, and so on. Depending on the language, numbers with decimals are of a different type. When computing numbers such they trade-off accuracy for range. Witch means they trade-off how acute it is with how many numbers it can compute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Numbers include `-1`, `0`, `1`, and so on. Depending on the language, numbers with decimals are of a different type. When they are computed, there is a trade-off in accuracy for range. Which means they trade-off how acute it is with how many numbers it can compute.
```

> Numbers include `-1`, `0`, `1`, and so on. Depending on the language, numbers with decimals are of a different type. When they are computed, there is a trade-off in accuracy for range. Which means they trade-off how acute it is with how many numbers it can compute.

Reviewer 2: I think you're trying to say there is a trade-off in precision for range. Precision is how many bits are in the floating-point number representation. The range is the number of values that can be represented. The smaller the precision, the smaller the range in values we can have. And vice versa, the bigger the precision, the bigger the range in values. Precision does have an effect on accuracy (how close to the real value you can get) though.
```suggestion
Numbers include `-1`, `0`, `1`, and so on. Depending on the language, numbers with decimals are of a different type. In floating-point arithmetic, there is a trade-off in precision for range. The amount of bits allocated for floating-point representation affects the range in values that can be used.
```
